Stanage: add docs for dev tooling (#1659)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: stanagepilot/software/development/toolchains.rst

.. _stanage_eb_toolchains:

Development toolchains
======================

Much of the software available on Stanage

> was installed using `EasyBuild <https://easybuild.readthedocs.io/>`__,

Reviewer: I think the easy build link that breaks down tool chains by versions  might be helpful here , or maybe even add the table yourself

Author: Link is provided in next section

.. _stanage_eb_toolchains:

Development toolchains
======================

Much of the software available on Stanage
was installed using `EasyBuild <https://easybuild.readthedocs.io/>`__,
which is a tool for building and installing software on HPC systems.

EasyBuild groups core sets of dependencies as what it calls *toolchains*.
The three supported toolchains on Stanage are:

- ``foss``
   - C, C++ and Fortran compilers: :ref:`GCC <gcc_stanage>`

> .. sweep

Reviewer 2: Suggest fleshing these out soon; the MPI docs in particular will be of use to many

Author: Added jira STN-434

   - MPI implementation: :ref:`OpenMPI <openmpi_stanage>`
   - BLAS and LAPACK implementation: :ref:`OpenBLAS <openblas_stanage>`
   - Parallel, distributed LAPACK implementation: :ref:`ScaLAPACK <scalapack_stanage>`
   - Fourier transforms: :ref:`FFTW <fftw_stanage>`

> - ``fosscuda``

Reviewer 2: Suggest commenting out mentions of `fosscuda` for now

   - As per ``foss``
   - Plus CUDA

- ``intel``
   - C, C++ and Fortran compilers (:ref:`icc/icpc/ifort <icc_ifort_stanage>`)

> .. sweep

Reviewer 2: Again, suggest fleshing out soon

Author: Added Jira STN-435

   - MPI implementation (:ref:`Intel MPI <impi_stanage>`)
   - BLAS, LAPACK and fourier transforms: :ref:`Intel MKL <imkl_stanage>`

Dependency versions for toolchains
----------------------------------

> See the `EasyBuild documentation for dependency versions for foss and intel <https://easybuild.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Common-toolchains.html#overview-of-common-toolchains>`__

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the `EasyBuild documentation for dependency versions for foss and intel <https://docs.easybuild.io/common-toolchains>`__
```

> ``fosscuda-2019a`` has the same dependencies as ``foss-2019a`` plus 

Reviewer 2: Suggest comment out for now
